Back when I grew up in rural Minnesota,
my mother wanted me to keep in touch
with my Scandinavian roots. We haven't
lived in the Nordic countries for three
generations. But there's still a couple
of things that stick around. Behavioral
quirks mostly and a couple of traditions
that have been with our family for as
long as anyone can remember. Putting
porridge out for the forest gnomes was
one thing. My mom used to trick me with
these dolls that she'd put in the snow
and point to saying, "Don't move too
fast. You'll scare them."
And let's not talk about dancing around
the maple. That that stuff's just
embarrassing.
But the most peculiar tradition is the
one about a midsummer night's dream. I
know that's a a Shakespeare title, but
it's it's also a traditional
Scandinavian thing. A little something
like this. On the evening of midsummer,
you are to collect seven kinds of wild
flowers. Then you bundle them up and put
them under your pillow. If you do,
you're supposed to dream of your one
true love.
You know, I have three sisters. They
were all about romance and
predestination.
And I couldn't have cared less if I
wanted to. But every year they'd walk
hand in hand collecting wild flowers and
putting them under their pillows.
And since I was too young to wander off
on my own, I had to stick around.
That is until
they decided it was my turn.
It was my oldest sister who made the
call. She was 12 and I just turned
seven, but she figured that earlier the
better. You have to tell us what she
looks like, she said. like if she's tall
or thin or fat. I bet she's fat, said my
second oldest sister. Statistically,
she's Chinese or Indian, said the other.
That's where there are most girls. I
tried to ignore them, but their cackling
got on my nerves. They gathered up some
silky aster, blue-eyed grass, silver
leaf, wild bergmmont, blue sunflowers,
and ground plum, but couldn't get a
seventh one. They looked around, but
they couldn't find one. I just wanted to
go home. So, I picked up the first thing
I saw sticking out next to a rusted out
barrel.
"What about this one?" I said, holding
up a yellow flower with a black spot.
That's a blackeyed Susan, said my oldest
sister. You're going to marry a Susan,
grinned another. Little Suzy who going
to love you who? Sing sang the last.
I rolled my eyes so hard they almost
popped out of my head as they cackled
and teased, pulling my hair up in a bow,
they bundled up the wild flowers and
made me sleep with them under my pillow.
I didn't notice anything strange at
first, just a night like any other.
You have such vivid dreams when you're a
kid, like like everything just happens
faster, even sleep, faster.
But this was something else entirely.
It wasn't just a dream. It was an
experience.
And the worst part is I didn't even
remember it. I just remembered that it
was bad. Like really, really bad. It was
so bad that I completely blocked it out.
I don't even remember waking up. I just
remember laying in the bathtub submerged
in cold water. I looked up at my three
sisters. They
looked terrified.
My throat was
wide awake, but I couldn't even remember
going to bed.
"Does it hurt?" my oldest asked. Her
voice was different. It was low.
Careful. I I shook my head. No, I said
I'm okay.
It sounded like it hurt. She continued.
Like it really hurt.
I think it was a bad dream.
Was it her? asked my youngest sister.
Did you dream of her?
I couldn't tell.
It was just a dark space in the back of
my mind that made my pulse shiver when I
thought about it. And yet
I knew the answer.
Yeah. I said
it was black eyed Susan.
Now I've been teased by my sisters my
whole life, but they never teased me
about Blackeyed Susan. They'd never seen
me like that. I'd woken up screaming at
the top of my lungs, rolling around on
the floor. They thought I was having a
seizure. They took me to the bathroom
while my mom called an ambulance.
We didn't talk about it. They never had
me checked for epilepsy and I was
perfectly healthy otherwise.
They talked a little about it being some
kind of allergic reaction,
but I'd never seen a reaction like that.
Over time, we came to this unspoken
conclusion that those wild flowers gave
me the worst nightmare of my life.
And in that nightmare, I saw my one true
love,
blackeyed Susan.
I wouldn't think much about that night
over the years to come. It became this
distant memory, like your first cold.
But every now and then, particularly
around midsummer, I would try to
remember what that dream had been like,
and something inside me would sink into
the bottomless hole in my chest.
It teased me. I could concentrate and
and I'd see it, but I didn't want to. To
have forgotten was a blessing, and I
knew better than to challenge it. But
it's a weird headsp space to live in, to
have concepts such as true love and
marriage so closely associated with
drama, especially since all other
couples in my life were perfectly fine
role models. My mother and father were
an extraordinary couple, and while my
sisters had some dating life drama,
nothing bad ever really happened to
them.
So, as I got into my teenage years,
I didn't want to chase girls and flirt.
I didn't want to fall in love.
I joked about it a lot, but the feeling
of meeting my one true love felt like
throwing my soul down an endless pit.
I tried to rationalize it away. It was
just a a stupid phase, a quirk. It
became like a fun party story to tell in
my late teens. He was funny in a way
saying I used to believe in such things,
but there was an asterisk stuck to that
story every time I told it. A little
white lie.
I never stopped believing in it.
It started to really bother me when I
was about 17. At that point, I'd been in
short relationships and I'd been in
love, but I couldn't stop thinking that
it wasn't real, that that true love was
out there and that it was terrifying,
something that would make my heart sink
into my stomach.
So, I decided to just bite the bullet
and try the whole thing again to face my
fears.
So that midsummer I put together seven
types of wild flowers again
ending with a blackeyed Susan.
As kids we're very good at handling pain
or at least we're resilient. We have
time to heal. But when you're 17 it hits
differently. When when I went to bed
that night, I had cold sweats and I
couldn't stop thinking about what was
waiting behind my closed eyes.
Would there be a reaction at all? Or I
wasted all this time being anxious about
nothing?
I closed my eyes. I tried not to think
about it. I counted down from 100 and
then 200. And I I twisted and I turned
trying to get the sweaty covers to stop
sticking to my skin.
At the slightest stretch, my eyes would
pop open.
I'd get this ache in my face from trying
to keep them closed. But after hours,
something clicked.
My muscles relaxed, and I caught a whiff
of the flowers from under my pillow.
And something inside me screamed at me
to turn back, to open my eyes. But it it
was too late.
It felt like looking at the bottom of a
pool but straight ahead.
A reflective shimmer. Ethereal but
physical at the same time. Like a night
sky that you could push your hands
through. I fumbled with my hands trying
to find something to hold on to. There
was this swirl in the back of my head
like having a large drink on an empty
stomach.
Something reached for me and touched my
fingertips. Something as hard as
fingernails. It poked and prodded me
from different angles. A strange voice
seeped through me, neutral, genderless,
and with an unusual pronunciation.
"Where have you been?" it asked.
I tried to regain my footing, but there
was nothing to hold on to. Just these
protrusions from the dark. Finally, I
felt myself slowing down.
The steadiness
control.
Something came out of the dark.
Eyes so black that their head look
hollow against the night. A vaguely
human skull connected to an infinite
mass like a broken flower growing out of
cracked concrete. Muscle in vain
contracting and compounding at every
angle. Ripples of flesh with every
offset heartbeat.
It's been so long.
Something wrapped around my ankle,
tightening.
Come home.
My eyes snapped open, but I wasn't
awake. I could feel her wrapped around
my ankle. I pulled away the covers and
watched my foot turn blue. It was
bending, and I I felt nothing.
Then the bone snapped.
I I'd never experienced something like
that. I'd never broken a bone. and
experiencing a trolley fracture in the
comfort of your own bed is inhuman. It
hurts so bad you lose bladder control.
And I couldn't do anything but to fall
out of bed and writhe on the floor, but
the pain wouldn't go away. I just I
screamed and I I tried to reach for my
phone, but it's like it refused to let
me reach it.
A neighbor heard me.
Help came.
It would take time for the leg to heal,
but bones mend all the time.
But true love doesn't.
I pushed the thought of love and
marriage out of my life for over a
decade. I'd shy away from koi smiles and
flowery laughter. Some people thought
that I had a problem with my sexuality.
Others thought I was under some kind of
religious repression.
I tried to explain that relationships
just weren't my thing.
But it's hard to explain without a
reason. If I was really pressed about
it, I'd say it was a childhood trauma
that usually stopped the questions.
I'd do this for years. A string of
short-term relationships where I kept
hoping and praying that I wouldn't fall
in love. Anything to keep me away from
that dark space. I couldn't tell what
was going to happen if I met someone
who'd make me feel things, real things.
But life isn't so simple.
It'll take me years, but
when I turned 31,
I met her.
Laya hit me like a summer's breeze. The
first time I talked to her,
it was a birthday party and she was
invited by a mutual friend of ours.
Laya had been working overtime and
forgotten all about the party, so she
joined at the last minute, and she
showed up in an oversized hoodie and
yesterday's jeans, spending most of the
night at the snack table, looking at her
phone. Her enthusiasm started and
stopped at bobbing her head to the
music.
When I saw they were out of pretzels,
I went up to talk to her. "Looking for
snacks?" I asked. "Your mom's a snack?"
She snapped back. All right. Yeah, but I
was talking about the pretzels.
She looked at me like I struck gold.
She'd been so hellbent on the idea that
I was coming up to hit on her that it
never even crossed her mind that she'd
eaten a full bowl of salty pretzels.
She snort, laughed, apologized, and
I felt my heart skip a beat.
I knew it was trouble.
I liked her.
Laya was a work from home back-end
developer. She spent most of her days
trying to steer her team through rough
deadlines and absurd lastminute changes.
She explained it as trying to teach cats
algebra while falling out of an
airplane. She cycled through periods of
insane stress to weeks of coasting,
which she'd made into an absurd routine.
Clearly something she couldn't keep up
forever.
We didn't start dating right away. We
chatted a bit and found out that we had
a lot in common. She had been dating
this one guy since she was 14 years old
and had only recently turned single, so
she wasn't eager to get back on the
market. She didn't mind my vague trauma.
She just liked being around me.
I think our friends realized we were
dating long before Yla or I did. We just
spent time together until one day when
we didn't want it to stop.
Still, I couldn't help but think of
Blackeyed Susan.
No matter how soothing Yla's snores
were, I
I could still lay awake at night.
There's a warmth in my chest as I
imagine the smell of wild flowers from
my pillow,
an ache in my leg where I could touch
the scars. If I
if I were to truly
fall in love,
what would happen?
Those nights came more often, from once
every 6 months or so to every week. And
after having dated for about a year,
Laya was eager to help me get over the
whole thing.
She knew it was a trauma and she knew I
didn't want to talk about it, but she
couldn't let it go. And of course,
she couldn't.
She was in a loving relationship with a
man who couldn't say he loved her. And
all she knew was that something had
happened.
It got to a point where it was driving a
wedge between us.
She wanted to help and I wanted her to
understand. And I I could only think of
one way to show her.
I had to do it again.
On midsummer, we went outside to pick
flowers. Laya was excited, but her smile
faded when she felt how serious I was.
I did what I'd done every other time. I
picked six types and a final flower
would pop out of nowhere. And of course,
it would be the blackeyed Susan.
I bundled them up. I could feel a
phantom pain cutting into my leg, which
gave me a limp.
"So, what are these for?" she asked.
for sleep, I said. And I'm going to need
your help. Sure. Yeah, whatever you
need.
If it looks bad, I need you to wake me
up. How do I know if it's bad? I shook
my head and I I took her by the hand.
You'll know.
I did some preparations. I had gauze and
painkillers. Laya was prepared to call
for help if necessary. She still had no
idea what was going on, but I could tell
she was nervous.
And again, so was I.
Problem was, I couldn't sleep. I just
lay there and she watched me. After
about an hour, she crawled up next to
me. She knew it was something that
happened when I slept, but she wanted to
calm me down.
You need to see this, I said. It's okay,
she whispered.
Go to sleep. Promise you'll keep watch.
I promise.
I didn't turn my head to look.
I trusted her. So, I closed my eyes. I
let my breathing slow. And
I felt my head fill with a smell
of wild flowers.
It was like waking up again.
a mild tingle covering my body like
being draped in spiderw webs.
I blinked and blinked, but it was it was
all black.
A long drawn out breath echoed like a
field of sighing flowers.
Beautiful.
A growth coming out of the dark,
translucent like living glass, hardening
into soft marble.
a woman dragging her legs through the
night like she was trudging through a
swamp.
She grabbed me by the hand, pulling me
along. It felt like I was carried
through a current.
I could see the bedroom from above. I
lay there and Laya was sitting next to
me.
I can't really explain what it felt
like. Sort of like watching your
reflection blink. I could see her
struggling to stay awake, nodding on and
off. She was she was trying so hard.
Is that what beautiful looks like? Black
eyed Susan asked.
I don't even know who you are. I said,
"Of course you do," she said. "I am your
one true love."
The words slithered, drawn out s
poisoned the air. I tried not to look at
her. I It was like the opposite of
staring into a sun. and the the light in
your eyes beginning to die and you could
feel yourself grow colder, slower. You
can't be, I said. That's impossible.
But I am, she said. You love me.
She turned her attention to the room,
hovering in front of us. I could see
little tendrils creep under the
furniture, reaching for Laya and me.
Long finger-like limbs in layered scales
bending at painful angles. One pulled
down her phone. Another moved a chair.
Two of them struggled to move the bed.
"What are you doing?" I asked. Passing
the time.
One of the tendrils crossed around my
stomach. There was pressure like someone
tightening a belt. It cut into my hips
before the pain. I could feel a slight
pop. "If you love me, why are you
hurting me?" I asked. "How else are you
going to get used to it?" she asked
back.
Get used to what?
She turned to me, breath wreaking of
ammonia with every spit of a word. Us. A
hand crossed around my neck. My eyes
flung open. I couldn't breathe. I
couldn't feel my legs. I flailed with my
arms, reaching for Laya. She got out of
bed only to find that her phone was
gone. "What's wrong?" she asked. "What
happened?" She had to cover her mouth
when she saw my neck. She grabbed my
arm, but the moment she did, something
took hold of her. In the corner of my
eye, I saw her getting pulled into the
other room, clawing at the carpet with a
terrified shriek. My left arm rose out
of the bed as if carried by an unseen
string. Two of my fingers popped out of
their sockets like a painful countdown.
I I couldn't scream. I I could barely
think. No oxygen.
Laya came running back and grabbed me.
She pulled on my arm and something let
go. I fell out of bed, gasping for air
as she cradled my head in her arms.
I could see color returning to my hands
as two fingers turned purple. I didn't
feel a thing, but I I would in a couple
of seconds. "Hold on," Laya said. "Hold
on."
Her phone was gone.
She bandaged my fingers and tried to
keep them straight. "I'm sorry," I
gasped. "I'm I'm so sorry." She just
shook her head, trying to process what
had happened.
There were no words. We just stayed
there on the floor. But you could see
something in the corners of the room,
like little quirks and shades.
Something was waiting for me to let my
guard down.
"What's hurting you?" she asked. "What
is it?"
Something broke in me as I swallowed my
words. But
that Laya deserved the truth.
I think she loves me.
Over the coming weeks, I tried my best
to explain. Laya was terrified. She'd
never seen anything like it, and there
was no explanation that could settle her
nerves. It's one thing to know someone
you care about has trauma, but it's
another thing entirely to experience
something
impossible.
That can make or break you.
But Laya didn't break. She started
asking questions.
Why was I targeted? What was this thing?
What did it want?
But things were getting strange. It's as
if thinking about blackeyed Susan
brought her closer to us in a physical
literal way, like we were building
towards something. I would spot movement
in the shadows. I'd notice furniture out
of place and hear creaking doors in the
middle of the night. And of course, it
had to be her. She was playing with me.
Yayla would stay up at night reading
about various Scandinavian traditions.
the cast iron scissors under the pillow,
the midsummer pole, the year walk,
trolls, elves, dwarves, gnomes. She gave
me lists of things to ask my parents
about to see if our family had been
targeted by something ancient or or
evil,
but weeks would come and go,
and we wouldn't be anywhere closer to an
answer, and the shadows would grow
longer. Things
would disappear.
And every night when I closed my eyes, I
would catch a whiff of earthly wild
flowers.
Things would quickly progress beyond
tricks and shadows. At one point, I was
tripped while walking down a flight of
stairs. At other times, something
pressed down on the gas pedal, sending
me straight through a red light. It's a
miracle no one was hurt.
Milo wouldn't go unscathed, either.
electronics would break or go missing.
Odd sounds would wake her up in the
night. She told me that sometimes she'd
see a silhouette outside the window
as if someone was trying to catch a peak
of us.
Every time she looked closer, it would
turn out to be fallen leaves or a
peculiar branch.
It was stressful, but there wasn't
really an option.
What else could we do to stick together
and love one another?
I I don't remember the moment we moved
in together. Just made sense. We spent
all of our time together anyway. She
just moved more and more of her stuff in
and all of a sudden your place was
pretty much empty. So yeah, we lived
together.
Wasn't really a conscious decision. Laya
had a couple of rough ideas about what
that thing might be. She had a binder
with ideas ranging from Arththeran
mythology to Jinn and some kind of
Polish demon bird.
None of them fit perfectly, though. And
frankly, it was just such an odd thing
for it all to be tied to this one
ancient tradition.
How could this thing be my true love?
What was I missing?
We figured it had to be something
connected to that very first night back
when I was a kid when they had to put me
in the bathtub to wake me up.
For a full year, all we did was try to
make it to the next day. It affected
pretty much every aspect of our lives,
the way we slept at night, the way we
cooked, the way we did our laundry.
There'd always be something messing up
the rhythm of the day. It has exhausted
us, not just mentally and physically,
but socially. We stopped going out.
Hell, we barely even talked. Instead, we
kept our heads down, we tried not to
think about it too much. Silently hoping
for the problem to solve itself
as Yla's binder gathered dust.
But once the next Midsummer came around,
there was a difficult discussion to be
had.
Can't live like this.
She sat me down at the kitchen table.
The light bulb had burned out somehow
despite only being 2 weeks old. "I'm
sorry," I said. "I wouldn't blame you if
I'm not going anywhere," she said. "You
know that."
"So, what do we do?"
She looked around. The kitchen faucet
was leaking again. "Suppose we ought to
try something," she said. "Got any
suggestions?"
"She could kill us." I said, "We can't
go there.
Maybe we don't have a choice."
I just sat there in the dark, counting
the seconds.
She was right, of course, but that
didn't mean I had to like it.
As summer came, we decided that we would
do this together. We got a single large
pillow and gathered the flowers
together. Didn't say a word. We just
walked along the wild flowers as low
rumbles lingered on the horizon.
A damp taste in the air as a storm
brewed. But to me, all I could see was
the woman I loved and how she carefully
brushed her hands against the tall
grass.
Even now, she could find something to
appreciate.
Tradition,
ritual,
and myth be damned.
At that moment, there wasn't a force in
the world that can convince me that she
was anything but my actual true love.
We rounded out our wild flowers with a
blackeyed Susan.
It was hidden next to a rusted old
barrel as if trying its best to hide,
but like every other year I'd done this,
I'd find one. And with all seven wild
flowers in hand, we bundled them up
and wandered home hand in hand.
We hugged each other tight as we went to
bed.
Some way, somehow,
we would make it through the night.
We had to.
When I opened my eyes, something felt
different.
I thought I was standing in sand, but it
was more like a fine concrete dust. The
moon covered most of the night sky, but
I couldn't see any stars.
There were black trees in the distance,
leafless and skeletonized by years of
thirst. Along the horizon was a single
large tree, tall enough to almost reach
the moon itself.
An apocalyptic vision, if anything.
Who are you? A melodic voice, kind but
unsure. I turned around. Yla.
My first thought was that she looked
taller, but that wasn't it.
She was the same as always.
It was me that had gotten shorter.
My hands were smaller.
I looked down at the seven-year-old
version of myself, still dressed in my
most comfortable childhood jammies.
Laya didn't really sound any different,
but the child's ears hear things in
other ways.
She
She had the most beautiful voice. "It's
me," I said. "Somehow.
You're really cute." She smiled. "But I
don't get it. I don't either.
Maybe, maybe we're not supposed to.
Maybe."
We wandered down a trail hand in hand.
There was no one around. No wind blowing
through dead plains. No birds in the
sky, no chirping cicas, and no rustling
leaves. Just feet on dust.
There's no one here, I said. This can't
be it. Did we do it wrong? She asked. I
don't think so. She's usually here by
now.
Laya blinked, looking around.
Then something dark settled over her
eyes.
What if she is?
She let go of me and brushed her arms up
and down in a self hug, something she
usually did when stressed. We wandered
around for what felt like hours. Nothing
happened. No one came to disturb us.
It was just her, me, and
nothingness.
No blackeyed Susan.
and nothing to tear us apart.
"Does this mean you're my true love?"
she asked. "I mean, I am dreaming of
you."
"That would make you mine, too." I
smiled. I thought that was occupied.
I thought so, too.
But there was no one there to challenge
that claim.
They just smiled at one another.
That had to be it.
Despite it all,
something good had to come out of this.
But no matter where we went, or for how
long, nothing happened. We started to
worry. We weren't waking up. We didn't
get hungry or thirsty or tired. It was
just this complete stage of emptiness.
We would walk down forgotten paths for
what felt like hours, strolling past
sand burnt concrete ruins.
I don't know how much time passed. It
might have been days. It might have been
months. It was impossible to tell. And
Laya always had this amazing ability to
make every moment pass by in a flash.
She was impossible not to love. Even
then, even there, we'd make jokes and
laugh. And though I couldn't get over
the feeling of being stuck in my younger
self,
you don't realize how much you've
changed until you step back into old
shoes like that.
And then
then I noticed something.
A flicker of yellow.
Right there behind a rusted out barrel
was
a blackeyed Susan.
The same yellow flower I'd found on that
fateful midsummer night as a kid.
I don't know how I recognized it, but I
did. It was the same flower. It It had
to be. I picked it up and showed it to
Laya.
"Strange, huh?" I said. "Only one of
these I've seen around."
"I wonder what it does," she said. "You
think it means"?
Her voice cut out.
The light warped in front of me,
blurring like I was watching through a
thin layer of rushing water. I could
feel a tingle in my eyes. Yla looked
different further away. Don't go," she
called out. "What are you doing?" I'm
not I just picked up this.
I held it out and dropped it,
giving her one last flower.
[Music]
We drifted apart.
Something shifted. My head rolled back
and I felt this intense heat settling
into my head. Then a coolness. Someone
trying to lower my temperature. Young
voices terrified. Laya drifting further
away, screaming at me to stay with her.
Her voice goes from beautiful to
desperate to
to something else.
She would scream how much she loved me
and then scream at how much she hated
me. And I would leave her in that place
for what would equate to eternities.
for her to twist and turn in place,
where she'd have nothing but her
thoughts and regrets. Where a starless
sky would seep into her, whispering
things to do, ways she would play
whenever I returned,
her head spinning with tales of Shin and
Mares and demons.
It would just be seconds passing as I
felt her disappear. But in those
seconds,
there would be eons,
long enough for a body to forget what
humans look like, for a mind to forget
what love is supposed to be. For a word
or phrase to change
true love,
an ammonia wreaking scream reflected off
a fractured space as she reached for me,
trying to pull me back through the
breaking light. A hand so warm that it
burned my face. How How could I be so
cruel as to leave her for endless time
to suffer? How could I be so selfish?
Blackeyed Susan
Laya,
my one true
love.
And then I woke up.
My head burst through the water as I
looked out at my three sisters.
I was 7 years old, still in my jammies,
submerged in the bathtub of my childhood
home. And as healthy young minds do, my
memories healed themselves.
Sealing away a trauma for me to uncover
years down the line.
Life would turn out the same way.
Awkward teenage years, short
relationships. I'd come back to the
broken place time and time again, and
she would play her games,
reminding me of the betrayal she felt,
and I I wouldn't understand.
That is until one night when I woke up
alone.
We'd gone to bed together, but only one
had made it back.
I'd lived a life twice,
and I hadn't even realized it.
I stumbled in the shower, sat at the
cold, and collapsed. I could think of
one thing to say.
I'm sorry. I'm I'm so
so so
sorry.
Another view of the world from behind a
shimmer.
Be it warm tears
or running water.
Today I'm 47,
never married, no serious dating.
I go back to Laya every year, hoping I
could find something to remind her of
what she used to be. I've tried bringing
things along, something to bring her
back with me.
I've yet to find anything useful. It
It doesn't work like that.
Sometimes I try to stay a little longer,
but the pain is unbearable.
I suspect one day she'll kill me
and I won't come back.
I suppose that's the only way this can
end.
I try not to think about it, but when I
do, I try to convince myself that I'll
end up the same way as her.
Maybe we could find solace in our
madness.
Maybe we'll live together in a paradise
of dust and strange moons.
I don't know.
I don't think that old traditions just
show you true love. I think it'll take
you to a place where you can meet. But
perhaps that place isn't what it used to
be.
Maybe there used to be more flowers
dancing.
I asked my sisters about what they've
seen, the times they've done this, and
all all they tell me about is a handsome
man, blue skies.
Guess we don't all go to the same place.
And after all, true love isn't the same
for everyone.
If there truly is someone for everyone,
well, then you must face some hard
facts.
They could live across the world.
They could have passed away
and maybe they're just
not what you expected.
But the older I get, the less I worry.
Maybe I'll wake up in that bathtub a
third time years from now.
And if not,
at least I get to see her again.
There must be something of Llaya left in
Blackeyed Susan. There has to be
or else
she wouldn't still be my one true love.
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. creepy
pasta and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. Once again, my
book is available on Amazon. It is the
creepy pasta collections volume one and
volume two. They're always available if
you guys want to check those out. Some
of my favorite authors that I've worked
with over my career are published in
this book. I've curated all of it as
well as written forward. I hope you guys
enjoy it. Check it out. It's in the link
in the description down below if you
ever want to find out more. And as
always, I want to give a very big thank
you to everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypepa.
I cannot thank you guys enough. Thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as acid system.
Ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Pandemonium, Caluna, Shane Smoker
Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory Kenchin,
Cronut 508,8 Crusader Choco, Curse Pox,
Primark, Dakota Best, Bagel Pollson,
Dante Concade, Dina Krauss, Ellie
Hutmire, Enchanted Buns, Estamine, Jenna
Holly, Hades Nephew, Kimbo Jerry, Hour
Minute Seconds Time, Jay Kees, Janice
Pet, Jordan Humble, King Crab, Mr.
Marcus Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful
Buddha, Psychomel, Red Shadow Cat,
Remember the Sun, Rinku Star, Salty
Surprise, Samarine, Secclude, Simba's
Bloody Mojo, Sky Harbor, Smiley the
Psychotic, Sully Man, Ty Su, The Chavez
Brothers. Thank you guys so much for
being here. Thank you for listening.
Thank you for watching and sweet dreams.